yo what up whoo welcome back to the show
your pilot Jess Mike and on today's show
we're gonna be talking about Rob
Kardashian and him basically causing a
frenzy on social media when he showed
himself for the first time in a long
time and you know recently he went out
to get some in and out and you don't
need the trip out to get a bite to eat
and this is his been his first public
appearance in some time and it just like
I said man it's it's shockwaves through
social media so many people got
emotional oh you know wow he's so big
and you know what's wrong with him he
must be depressed and basically he was
trending for being fat all right let's
just call it what it was he's trending
for being fat and you know the thing
about it is this diet has millions at
his disposal he could get any kind of
personal trainer he wanted he could set
any kind of diet plan that he wanted or
and or have surgery to you know
alleviate these problems if he perceives
them as such you know and I agree that
you know this guy has gained a lot of
weight since we last seen him I mean
gave more than 100 pounds but to be
honest with you I mean what person
doesn't gain weight he's just a normal
person you know what I mean and when did
you guys get so compassionate about big
people I mean you talk about your fat
friend you've got cousin your fat uncle
it's back up te hell even my fat ass
sometimes
but then when it's Rob Kardashian
because it's connected to a mane now you
feel so sad for me you want to throw my
pity party he's just a regular person
let that man live and if he decides to
lose weight he'll do it on his own time
but I want to know what you guys think
so make sure you guys hit me down in the
comment box make sure you share this
story across your social networks and
make sure you guys subscribe to me on
this channel and on Twitter and
Instagram address swag 77 if you're not
subscribed to me on there you're missing
out on the whole picture but that's it
for this when I see you guys on the next
vlog until then she's bright adjust Mike
stay up much love